---
layout: post
title:  "Week 13, Team + Mentor Meetings"
categories: [ info, weekly-progress ]
image: assets/images/logbook.jpg
featured: false
logbook: true
---

*1. Team+Mentor Meeting 8 May, 12h-13h*
* Discussed next releases
    * Present the steps in the food stand, including the identification of the place where we taking the food from
* Discussed SIM card for Router
* Discussed UI at the food stand
  * 2 visions about the recommended plate appearing
    * Not a good idea -> this system is supposed to be personalized
    * Good idea -> what if the user has not defined its profile info?
* Discussed recent developments in documentation and server
