---
layout: post
title:  "Week 16, Team Meetings"
categories: [ info, weekly-progress ]
image: assets/images/logbook.jpg
featured: false
logbook: true
---

*1. Team Meeting 27 May, 12h-13h, 14h30-19h*
* For the first part of the meeting, the Documentation, and Infrastructure Managers were present. On the second part, the whole team was present
* Bug fixes on the Identification of the User and retrievel of tuser info (changes on ID reader module and communnication with Server)
* Development of the Stand User Interface

*1. Team Meeting 28 May, 14h-19h*
* The Documentation, QA and Infrastructure Managers were present. 
* Improved and approved user and deployement manual
